Mr. Lin
What else?
Don't you stop thinking about marriage?
I said I'm not interested in leftover women
But if the leftover girl is willing to be a maid
I can consider you.
What's so great about it?
He actually let this saintess be his maid
Absolutely impossible
This matter needs further consideration
This child is by no means a fish in the pond
Even I can't see his trump card dad
Mother, you still have the face to come back
Hmph, it seems that I, the to-be sect master
Did not die in Xuanyin Sect
Some people are disappointed
In my opinion?
You must be greedy for life and fear of death
This time our Tianzong's face?
But you used it up, right?
So many true disciples of Jin Dan's wife have gone
Life or death
You are a gas practitioner.
If not greedy for life and fear of death
How is it possible to live until now?
Just you, a trash, still want to be the sect master of Taizong
It's just a dream
What are you two?
You are not eligible to attend a meeting of this level